listen there's this new Netflix show
that was getting dumped on before it
even came out but if you've ever seen
any LME video you know we're big
believers are not judging something
until you watch it because you can catch
the subtleties the intricacies the
show's trash it like is one of the
trashy shows out there now when I say
it's trashy I don't mean like it's
boring or completely bad because this
thing is very entertaining it's clear
that they wanted to achieve something
with it at the matic message but like in
a vulgar comedic way and you know
sometimes it missed the mark for a lot
of people with lines like which might
actually have a shot so while there's
definitely a theme in there and you know
I give them credit for trying to go all
balls out and making this show as vulgar
as can be but you know maybe they bid a
bit more than they could chew let me
explain so if Netflix shows we're like
fast food
this one would give you diabetes somehow
this thing is actually based off of a
real story between a lawyer who runs
beauty pageants and a bully victim the
real lawyer actually has his own reality
show called coach charming you have a
dog yeah I just killed him but in the
series insatiable Debbie Ryan is living
the sweet life on sweets since I was at
home stuffing another home meanwhile
Bob's dream has always been to win a
beauty pageant but he coaches some of
the dumbest contestants ever thank you
well gets the ball rolling between these
two is that Patti gets punched in the
face by a homeless person over a
Snickers bar which causes her to lose a
lot of weight because she has a broken
jaw has to go on a juice diet but it
also has to show up in court because you
did get into a fight that's where Bob
comes in since he got accused of child
molestation since he couldn't help a
girl win the crown
so because of that obviously no one's
going to hire him for a case so he has
to work pro bono for patty who falls in
love with him as soon as she sees him
he's a child molester which means I
might actually have a shot now look I
get sarcasm right but this yo this girl
right here is ready to jump the gun she
goes to an a a meeting with her mom
where she finds the homeless dude who's
trying to recover obviously he doesn't
recognize her since she's lost so much
weight and she decides that the best way
to exact revenge on this man and I guess
thinking for the weight loss is to have
sex that's great that guy
you mean like screw him over she
actually goes to a hotel room with him
but dips before they smash and because
this guy is like lighting up a cigarette
the entire room gets set on fire
that means that now she's in an even
bigger legal case if they connect her to
it but her best friend who clearly wants
to taste her rainbow joins forces with
Donald who works at the convenience
store who they catch Jackie and Alfonzo
is everyone up Heidi tries to pretend
she was drunk that night so that they
can't connect her to the case but she
gets too drunk has to go to the hospital
to get her stomach pumped and in the
hospital she actually locks eyes with
the homeless man who recognizes her but
she's using the force and kills the
homeless dude just by staring at him I
wanted him dead and then he was and I
was happy at this point Bob and Patty
are working together to win a pageant
but their biggest competition is hop up
it's got a hot wife a hot daughter and
is also a lawyer who competes in
pageants but they've been rivals since
elementary school since everybody always
loves hot Bob over regular Bob he
decides that the best way to train patty
is to take her to his mrs. Miyagi the
lady who taught him everything about
pageants but since he also had an affair
with this lady she's also out to get him
then to pulling an Edward along the way
and get baptized just to qualify for
regionals at a church pageant
[Music]
and it's while they're there that she
ends up falling in love with the
pastor's demonic kid they run away they
have sex maybe she gets pregnant but the
thing is she's not pregnant with a child
it's a parasitic twin that you consumed
in utero wait you're saying that I could
have been a twin but I ate it
how turns out she's been eating since
before she came out the womb and at this
point the pastor who was there to
qualify her refuses to do so because she
believes there to be a demon inside of
her like the unborn and tries to
exorcise it out of her
so pretty much we go from Miss
Congeniality to the conjuring they then
test out a Ouija board why hi fatty and
get trolled by a homeless guy from
beyond the grave they Google how to
exorcise a demon Bob pulls an Ed Warren
and does the exorcism where the twitter
name kitty is it gets really weird out
of all of that it turns out he comes out
- when you say I'm gay I feel like you
don't say I'm not gay turns out the
reason both Bob's hate each other is
because they both secretly love each
other and we're just they were just
trying to hide it do you feel that you
embody the fruits of the spirit I mean
yeah I feel like my insides are
appropriately fruity and while Bob's
wife feels heartbroken at first you know
she got also has a thing for hot Bob and
just says
[Music]
we find out Patty's dad is some random
Baldwin brother named Gordie ironically
named Gordie and her mom decides that
the best way to help her daughter is by
restarting her own adult life and then
just completely leaving her daughter
alone Patty's best friend gets a
girlfriend and moves on from her turns
out that bob has a secret daughter with
mrs. Miyagi somehow who's actually using
him to rig the pageants while his eldest
daughter is in rehab for doing too many
pageants and then at the end and a time
that kidnapping happens followed by a
real kidnapping that results in another
kidnapping all to win pageants you know
you would think that by the end of the
12 episodes we would finally get to the
pageant that everyone's been talking now
we don't we don't even get that
turns out this tre way ain't gonna work
out since Bob only wants to let his nuts
hang for him and not for her so Bob
needs to make a decision but because he
can't pick between his wife and his
lover he decides to leave the cannoli
takes the gun and right before he offs
himself he gets another call from Patty
now Patty has created more enemies
throughout this entire thing the Drake
right she's to the point of even having
to escape in a weiner costume after
getting kidnapped by mrs. me I'm not I'm
not going to cover all that but
throughout that she's also created some
stalkers preacher's son who was obsessed
with demons who thought he got her
pregnant appears once again at the final
episode confessing his love for her as
he's kidnapped hot Bob's daughter in
order to help her win the pageant and
even ask patty to help him kill her
together so they can bond patty doesn't
want to do so so after he berates her
and tells her that she is a bad person
she's the villain of the story
patty decides to correct him by
responding with her eyes and they drown
the car with his body as both of them
are legit now murders and they stare
into the camera hoping for a second
season so now let me play you a montage
of some of the wildest one-liners and
scenes from this show that I set
[Music]
you are groping me and if anyone's gonna
get croaked it's gonna be me these knees
oh my god are you taking a picture of
your hoo-ha you're Napoleon Bonaparte
your Pacific Rim job I'm super tight you
look really loose to me I am not Asian
I am adapting taking back the slurs that
women are bombarded with every day is
shocking
and important what didn't you just say
there's nothing wrong with being gay for
you
are you sure spike sexual as ourselves
yeah it's for a good cause I had no map
no phone just a weenie suit slowing me
down getting shit-faced is my favorite
tradition now nobody's eating my wieners
as the face of caca your charity the
Center for anal cancer awareness KKK the
KKK that's who you want to invest in
Tampa's oh they love tampons you know
what now for one second let me give this
show credit right I do think that it's
funny it's got a funny cast and crew and
it's also even more hilarious the
outside reception when everyone who
worked on this is like super shocked
about how people are feeling about the
show I don't think that they're intense
was bad right like their intent was to
use humor to get a message across even
if all the jokes don't land but there
are a couple of good scenes within there
right there are moments between the
daughter and the mom there's a trans
actress that appears in episode 5 who's
trying to make a statements about
acceptance there's a couple of great
lines like these don't be the most to
you you can be because who you are
[Music]
and even a scene where she pulls a
Timothy sha'lame and eats through the
credits to show her sad relapse it was
good like if you actually you could
actually watch the entire credits all
the way to the end and she's actually
crying in the background but look I know
the writer specifically wanted to tackle
that dark road revenge leads you to but
in a very vulgar way and while I can
take the jokes as fiction it's very
clear that the Internet has this very
big cancel culture and the most ironic
thing about it is that some of the
people on the show are the ones who
created that culture so the show may not
be for everyone but I don't think it's
boring it's corny it's trashy it's
vulgar and overall I think it teaches an
important lesson to never lose weight
because you you might end up killing
someone in a wiener outfit while you're
running for a pageant thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section definitely let me know
what other crazy shows are out there
that you think I should cover if you
liked the show if you didn't boom I got
a road trip that I'm coming on if you
have any recommendations let me know you
can follow me on Twitter and on
Instagram while I'll be updating stuff
like that pretty much a head i watch the
show and I decided you know what I need
a two-week vacation so yeah this is
probably the end of let me explain
unless you comment like and subscribe
and I'll send you a Cosmo cake to
celebrate our return